editor. manuscript the by Note - died. later spy the which of wounds inflicted had defense, self in Madden, arrest. spy's the for orders with appeared Madden when pistol automatic an drew who Runeberg, Viktor alias Rabener, Hans spy Prussian the by attacked been had Madden Richard Captain fact, of point In statement. outlandish and malicious A '   heart. the of sickness and penitence infinite my of can, one no for know, not does He name. that of someone kill to than me to open course other no had I that and Albert, called city the of name the war, of tumult the above voice, feeble my with shout, to was problem my that knew He mystery. this solved already had however, Chief, The Tsun. Yu unknown the by Albert Stephen Sinologist learned the of murder the of riddle the solve to trying were which newspapers English same the in news the read I bombed. was it Yesterday Berlin. to through got attacked be to city the of name secret The triumphed! yet have I Abominably, hang. to condemned been have I me. arrested and in broke Madden unimportant. and unreal is remains What  lightning. by struck been had he if as instantaneous, was death his that swear I once. at murmur, a without fell Albert care: utmost the with fired I ready. revolver the had I me. to turned again was back his moment a For cabinet. writing high the of drawer top the opened he as tall up stood He seat. his from rose Albert  letter?" the at look another take I Can friend. your am I "But replied. I now," exists future "The  Madden. Richard Captain was he and path the up walking was man this and statue a as strong as was man this but man, single a only was there garden yellow and black the In disappeared. nightmare short the and eyes my lifted I time. of dimensions other in multiform and busy secretive, myself, and Albert were All people. invisible with saturated infinitely was house the surrounding garden dew-damp the that me to seemed It spoken. already have I which of pullulation the sensed I again Once  enemy." your am I them of one in and futures innumerable toward itself dividing forever is "Time smile. a with murmured he all," in "Not  garden." Pen's Ts'ui of restoration the for you to grateful am and appreciate deeply "I voice. my in tremor a with enunciated, I them," of all "In    7   phantom." a error, an am but words, same very these say I another, yet In dead. me found have garden, the crossing you, another, In gate. my to come have you me, favored has chance which in one, this In exist. us of both others yet in and not, do you and do, I others in while I, not and exist you some In them. of most in exist not do We possibility. every embraces - centuries the through other each ignore or intersect bifurcate, another, one approach which of strands the - time of web This times. parallel and converging diverging, of network spreading ever growing, dizzily a in times, of series infinite an in believed He uniform. and absolute as time of think not did ancestor your Schopenhauer, and Newton from Differing be. to it conceived Pen Ts'ui as such universe the of false, not yet incomplete picture, a is Paths Forking of Garden The obvious. is explanation "The  book. whole the in used been time word the has once not that categorically state can I work. whole the translated have I original. the restored, have I believe or restored, have I chaos, this from plan the out worked have I copyists, careless by introduced errors corrected have I manuscripts, of hundreds over gone have I novel. interminable his of meandering every in Pen Ts'ui oblique the by preferred approach of method tortuous the is then, This, it. to attention drawing of way best the perhaps is paraphrases, obvious and phrases inept of means by it to refer to completely, word a eliminate To itself. word the of use the forbid game the of rules The time. is subject the which in parable, or game, guessing enormous an is Paths Forking of Garden "The Albert. said "Precisely,"  chess." is word "The  replied: then and moment a for thought I prohibited?" one only the is word which chess, is answer the which to game guessing a "In said: Albert Stephen Finally them. discussed We inadequate. them of all solutions, various proposed I  explained?" be omissions voluntary these can How time. means which word the use even not does He Garden. The of pages the in figure not does that problem only the is this then, Now time. of one profound the than more him concerned none and more, him disquieted none problems, all of that know I novel. his of part greater the up take conjectures Philosophical mystical. the and metaphysical the toward leanings his confirm life his of facts known the certainly and this, to attests contemporaries his of testimony The novelist. mere a than more himself considered doubtless, who, letters of man a also was he but novelist fine a was Pen Ts'ui one. despised a was it period, Pen's Ts'ui in genre; inferior an is novel the country your In rhetoric. in experiment ending never a over laboring years thirteen waste would he that believable it find not do I variations. with idly toyed ancestor illustrious your that think not do "I  continued: Albert Stephen way. some in them by prefigured intimate, more inaccessible, more agitation an but armies, converging finally and parallel, divergent, two of pullulation the not was It pullulating. intangible and invisible something me around and me within felt I moment that At  dying." to and killing to resigned were They sword. bloody and heart tranquil with fought, heroes the "Thus command: secret a like version each of end the at repeated words, final the remember I island. Western a on adventure, desperate a of stage last the in me,    6   to back them given had empire distant a of man a that and blood, own my of one by out thought been had they that fact the for than themselves in them for admiration less with perhaps although tales, old these to listened I veneration proper With  followed. victory so and battle, glorious the throughout memory a remained feast the of splendor The progress. in is banquet a where palace a through passes army same the second, the In easily. battle the won they so and value, little of was itself life that feel soldiers the made landscape rocky the of aspect somber and bleak The pass. mountain desolate a over battle into marches army an first, the In chapter. epic same the of versions two read he precision, slow With  immortal. even unyielding, something with shone it but ancient, an of that certainly was lamplight, of circle bright the in countenance, His  work." ancestor's your of pages few a you read to like would I pronunciation, atrocious my with up put will you "If  friend. my others in enemy; my are you pasts possible other in but house; this to come you example, For converge. labyrinth this of pathways the Sometimes bifurcations. other for departure of point the being one each occur, solutions possible the all work, Pen's Ts'ui In on. so and on so and die can both saved, be can both Fang, kill can intruder the intruder, the kill can Fang outcomes. possible various are there Naturally him. kill to mind his up makes Fang door. his at knocks stranger A secret. a has say, us let "Fang,  novel. the in contradictions the of cause the is This times. other in bifurcate and out branch turn their in will that others start which times various futures, various creates thus He them. of all - simultaneously - chooses he Pen, Ts'ui unfathomable almost the In others. the of expense the at one chooses he alternatives with faced is man a when fiction, all In theory. this confirmed work whole the Rereading space. in not time, in bifurcating of image the suggested all' to not but times, future various 'to phrase The itself. novel chaotic the was Paths Forking of Garden The understood. I than this, read sooner no had I paths: forking of garden my all, to not but times, future various to leave 'I sentence, the by caught was attention my "Naturally,  seen. just have you manuscript the Oxford from sent was I point, this At Pen. Ts'ui of chapters contradictory the to application remotest the have to seemed none but amusement, me gave conjectures "These  elders. his of work the care, pious with correct, or chapter new a add would individual each which to son, to father from on passed work, hereditary Platonic a imagined also I infinity. to on thus and it, relate will she which upon night the at arriving again of risk the with Nights, One and Thousand The of story the tell to started copyist, her of part the on mistake magical a through Scheherezade, Queen when Nights One and Thousand The of middle the in night the too, recalled, I indefinitely. continuing of possibility the have so and first the as same the be would page last whose volume A circular. volume, cyclic a than other any imagine not could I infinite. be could book a how myself asking kept I letter, this discovered I "Before  on: went Albert silence. in paper of sheet the back handed I    s   paths." forking of garden my all, to not but times, future various to leave "I brush: small a with written had blood own my of man a which words the read I understanding, without but Eagerly, famous. justly was calligraphy Pen's Ts'ui quadrangular. tenuous, colored, rose was it time: of passage the with faded had which but crimson been once had which paper of piece a hand his in holding returned He cabinet. writing gilded and black high the in drawer top the opened He me. to back his turned he moments few a For rose. Albert  discovered." I which letter a of fragment a second, maze, infinite an create to proposed had Pen Ts'ui that legend curious the First, problem. the to solution direct the me showed circumstances Two  labyrinth. the was it that suggested confusion novel's The labyrinth. the find could one no family, your to belonged once which lands vast the all In died. Pen "Ts'ui  maze. physical a of idea the suggested have may This garden. intricate an of middle the in set was Sun Limpid the of Pavilion The same. the and one were labyrinth the and book the that realized one No activities. separate were these assumed Everyone maze.' a construct to retiring am 'I another, at and book,' a write to seclusion into going am 'I said; have must Pen Ts'ui time, one At happened. have must what image to hard isn't it but recall, all beyond lost irrecoverable, are details the of most years hundred a than more After mystery. transparent this to key the given been have Englishman, barbarous a I, time. of labyrinth invisible "An me. corrected he labyrinth," symbolic "A  !" . . . indeed labyrinth tiny "A exclaimed. I labyrinth?" ivory "An  cabinet. writing laquered tall, a to pointing said, Albert Labyrinth," the is "Here  ." . . Labyrinth his ... Pen Ts'ui of enterprise other that for As alive. is he fourth the in while chapter, third the in dies hero the time: a upon once it examined I drafts. rough contradictory of mass shapeless a is book The madness. was publication a Such monk. that of memory the curse "still replied, I Pen," Ts'ui of blood the of "Those  publication." their on insisted - monk Buddhist a or Taoist a - estate the of executor the but fire, the to them consign to wished know, doubtless you as family, The manuscripts. of mess a only found heirs his death, his At years. thirteen for Sun Limpid the of Pavilion the in up himself shut and erudition, of even and banquets, of bed, well-stocked a of justice, oppression, of pleasures the all up gave He labyrinth. a and book a make to all abandoned he Yet calligrapher. a and poet famous a player, chess a books, canonical the of interpretation the in tireless and astrology in astronomy, in learned province, native his of Governor - Pen Ts'ui of "that Albert, Stephen said destiny," strange "A  wait. could decision irrevocable My hour. an than less in arrive not could Madden, Richard pursuer, my that calculated I clock. circular large a to and window the to back his with he divan, low large, a upon I down, sat We  Sinologist." a become to aspired "had he before Tientsin in missionary a been had he me told    4   he Later, sailor. the of something and priest, the of something him about was There beard. gray a and eyes gray had he and lined deeply was face His tall. remarkably said, have I as was, He face. his on smile a with me watching was Albert Stephen  . . . Persians the from copied potters our which color blue that of centuries, many by older another, yet and jar rose-glazed a also remember I phoenix. bronze a near spinning was record phonograph A printed. been never had They Dynasty. Luminous the of Emperor Third the by edited was which Encyclopedia Lost the of silk-manuscripts yellow in bound volumes large some recognized I West. and East both from books with filled library a into went we house, the reached we When childhood. my of those like zigzagged path damp The  in." Come ancestor? illustrious Your ancestor? "Your  Pen." Ts'ui ancestor, my of garden "The  assurance: incomprehensible with said, I and memory my in stirred Something  paths." forking of garden "The  garden?" "The  aback. taken somewhat replied, I consuls, our of one of name the Recognizing  garden?" the see to want you doubt No solitude. my relieving to see to himself troubled has P'eng Hsi worthy the that see "I  language. my in slowly spoke and gate the opened He  me. blinded light the for face his see not could I it. carried man tall A moon. the like colored and drum a like shaped lantern paper a trees; the of trunks the by out put or crisscrossed was moment, to moment from alternately, which lantern a approached; lantern a house, main the from avenue, the of end the from But  on. kept music the of sparks stuttering The hands. my clapping by attention attracted I whether or push-button, a bell, a was there whether remember not do I attention. any it paying without fully, it accepted had I why was That Chinese. was music that and pavilion the from came music the incredible: almost second the and trivial first the once, at me on dawned things Two pavilion. or house summer of kind a also and trees poplar with bordered avenue an see could I railings the Through gate. iron rusty high, a at arrived I thus Meditating  wind. West the or streams, gardens, words, fireflies, of not country: a of enemy an never but men, other of moments differing the of men, other of enemy an be might man a that thought I  distance. by and leaves the by blurred breeze, the with moving going, and coming kept music syllabic almost and high-pitched A twilight. the in misty meadows through off, branching and descending kept road The    3   infinite. and intimate once at was evening The fatigue. feel not could I road sloping gently the down Going me. within stirred evening, the of decline the moon, the countryside, murmuring and hazy The spectator. abstract an world, the from off cut myself felt I time of period undetermined an For hunted. the of that - destiny my forgot I illusions imaginary these in Lost  stars. the involve somehow would and future and past both in take would which maze growing ever sinuous, a of mazes, of maze a of thought I ... kingdoms and provinces rivers, of also but paths twisting of and pavilions eight-sided of only not made infinite, it imagined I sea; the beneath or paddies rice under drowned it imagined I mountain; some of summit secret the on perfect and untouched it imagined I labyrinth. mythical perhaps and lost this on meditated I England of trees the Under  labyrinth. his found ever nobody and it to sense no had novel His stranger. a by assassinated was he before tasks assorted oddly these on years thirteen spent He themselves. lose would men all which in maze a create to and Meng, Lou Hung the in are there than characters more with novel a write to power temporal up gave and Yunnan of Governor was He Pen. Ts'ui of greatgrandson the I am nothing for Not labyrinths. about something know I labyrinths. certain of courtyard central the finding for formula common the was such that me reminded left the to always turning about advice The impossible. be would this that realized I once At intent. desperate my divined have way some in might Madden Richard that thought I moment a For  company. me keep to if as sky the in low hung moon round a while intermingled, trees of branches the overhead and way, dirt plain a was It downhill. ran road the incline, slight a At road. deserted a along started and steps stone some down went last), (my coin a them threw I crossroad." every at left the to bear and left the to road the take you if lost get won't you but away distance good a is house "The said: another answer, my for waiting Without house?" Albert's Stephen Dr. to going you "Are me: asked them of One shadow. a in remained faces children's the but platform, the lit lamp A  out. got I replied. they "Ashgrove," platform. the on children some asked I "Ashgrove?" station. a of name the called one No field. a of middle the in almost stopped, and down slowed It trees. ash amid gently, along crept train The  night. of coming diffuse the watched and last, my be probably would which day the of fluctuations the contemplated I dead, already man a of eyes the with while proceeded, I Thus  past. the as irrevocable as future a himself upon impose should accomplished, already were it if as act should enterprise atrocious some undertake would Whosoever advice: this offer I them To left. be will bandits and soldiers only soon that abominations, new to day each himself resign will man that foresee I  me. left never that strength drew I weakness my From conclusion. successful a to adventure this bring to enough man was I that proof was happiness timorous my that sophism, less no with argued, I dead. or prison in be would I schedule, train the of accident precious the for not it were that trivial, so not    2   was it that argued I victory. total a prefigured victory a small so that argued I fate. of accident an by - minutes forty for only was it if even - attack first his in adversary my besting by encounter first the won had I that and started already had duel the that myself told I happiness. abject almost of state a into passed I terror utter From  window. fearful the from possible as far as seat, the of corner distant the in huddled I trembling, Shattered, Madden. Richard Captain was It platform. the of length the vainly, but furiously, ran recognized I man A out. pulled train the last At  soldier. happy wounded, a and Annals Tacitus' in deep youth a mourning, in dressed woman a farmers, some remember I carriages. the through walked I platform. the on one no almost was There nine. past half until go not would next the for hurried, I eight-fifty. at minutes, few a in leave would train The on. further station a for ticket a took but Ashgrove, of village the to going was I  slowness. deliberate and painful a with out got I entrance. main the of short stop to driver the told I that recall I vulnerable. and visible infinitely felt I street, deserted the in that, is truth The recognized. being of chance less ran thus I that myself told I cab. a take to prudent more it thought I but house, my from far not was station The out. went and street, quiet the at look a sneaked stairs, the down went mirror, the in myself of leave took dressed, I Silently,  door. my at beckon and knock moment, any at could, voice and hands His Captain. the escape to had I Besides, armies. his save could man yellow a that him to prove to wished I me. in lies culmination whose forebears uncountable those of race, my of those of fear some had Chief the felt I because plan my out carried I  Goethe. was he time, that during but hour, an than more for him with speak not did I Goethe. as great as is me, for who, - man modest a - Englishman an knew I Furthermore, spy. a become me making by me degraded had it since particularly me, to importance no of is country barbarous a Such no! - Germany for it do not did I terrible. was execution its that know I and about, bring to easy not was It end. an to plan risky incredibly my brought have I that now now, it say can I man. timorous a am I  train. by away hour an half than less Fenton, of suburb a in lived He information. the on passing of capable person one the of name the me gave directory telephone The plan. my developed had I minutes ten In  distance. great a for heard be can shot pistol a that thought I Vaguely courage. myself give to hand, my in it weighed and it held I Absurdly bullet. single a with revolver a and - handkerchief a pencil, blue and red a pennies, some and shillings single two piece, shilling five a destroy), not did I which (and once at destroy to decided I which letter a notebook, the office, Runeberg's to keys compromising but useless the with ring key the coin, square the and chain nickel-plated the watch, American The find. to going was I knew I what just found I pockets. my out empty me made - myself to penury total my prove to desire a merely perhaps - Something me. at peering already was Madden if as silence, perfect and senseless in bed, the on up sat I  flee." must "I aloud, said I us. from news for vain in looking newspapers, through infinitely leafed office, Berlin arid    i   his in sitting who, man A Staffordshire. in were we that except me of or Runeberg of nothing knew who man hateful and sick that of ear The Chief? the of ear the reach it could How weak. was voice, human my voice, My ... Germany in heard be could it that way a such in name this shout could bullet, a by silenced be should it before mouth, my only If bombs. of rain a under park artillery the shattering France, of skies the in many into airplane that then and airplane an into it turned I absently, and, sky misty the across streaked bird A Ancre. the on park artillery British new the of site exact the of name the - Secret the possessed I that suspect not did soldier happy doubtless and fast-moving the that knew I noose), hangman's the for hankers neck my that now Madden, Richard outwitted have I that now terror, of speak to me to matters longer no it that (now terror and hatred my of midst the In  thoughts. wandering these to end an put horseface long Madden's of memory unbearable almost The . . . me to happens happens really that all and sea, at and land on air, the in men countless are There present. the in only happen things and century, follows Century now. precisely one, to happen happen, things all that reflected I Then  now? die to I was Feng, Hai of gardens symmetrical the of one in child a been having of despite in father, dead my of despite In death. implacable my of that be might omens, or warnings without day a day, this that incredible seemed It sky. the in hung sun o'clock six hazy the and window, the filled rooftops changing never The back. my on waited and bed, iron narrow my on down myself threw I door. the locked and closed I was, gesture the though Absurd bedroom. my to up went I  Germany? Imperial of agents two of deaths the perhaps and capture discovery, the luck: of piece extraordinary this upon seize and welcome to fail he could how treachery, actual of not if feelings equivocal of suspected man a England, of service the in Irishman An implacable. be to obliged was he accurate, more be to Rather, implacable. was Madden risk. same the ran I day, same this on set sun the Before 1 murdered. or arrested been had Runeberg that meant there being His also. lives our of - me to so seemed have should or matter, secondary a seemed this though - and work our all of end the meant office, Runeberg's Viktor in Madden, Madden. Richard Captain of that was It German. in spoken had that voice the recollected I Immediately phone. the up hung I and . . .  * * *   missing. are pages two first The event. this upon light unsuspected casts Hochschule, Tsingtao the at English of teacher former Tsun, Yu Dr. by signed then and over, read by, dictated deposition, following The significance. special any lacked which - delay this caused rain torrential that comments He 29th. the of morning the until postponed be to had 1916, 24, July for scheduled Serre-Montauban, at line German the against pieces, artillery hundred fourteen by supported divisions, British thirteen by offensive planned a that reports Hart Liddell Captain 212), (page War World the of History A his In  Ocampo Victoria To  Paths Forking of Garden The 